Brother Wuji
Li Fushui is domineering
Insolent
It should be severely punished.
But let the Li family launch the Upper North Sea Realm
Isn't this punishment a bit too severe?
Although Li Zhifei is a little stronger than Li Fushui
But it's basically the same thing.
To raise such a pair of brothers
It can be seen that the door style of the Li family has long been out of order
I'm doing this for the Li family's sake
Let them go on like this
I'm afraid it will cause big problems
There will be misfortune
But the Li family has stood in Beihai for more than 50 years after all
Many industries involved
The annual revenue is in the hundreds of millions
You cut off the Li family's wealth so much
I'm afraid they won't let it go
And you just destroyed the Wang family
Now let the Li family close the Li Group
The four great families of Beihai
You killed two in a blink of an eye.
I'm afraid so.
All family groups in Beihai will ask themselves
If they unite against you
Even if you are a mechanical and electrical teacher
I'm afraid not their opponent either
In fact, this group of Beihai dignitaries
I see it as the grass world at all
You wiggle your fingers.
They're crushed to powder.
Brother Wuji, who are you?
I've been used to whole sticks since I was a kid
Even if he is the royal family of Great Xia
I have also been in contact
But they don't have the domineering style you have.
Your true identity
It must be far more than an ordinary clansman in the Promise Palace
It's that simple.
English
In fact, I have no intention of hiding my true identity from you
I just didn't want to say it.
Believe in your wisdom
Sooner or later you will guess it
Hmm, I don't want to know yet
It's getting late.
Let's hurry up and find your parents, oops.
I forgot if you didn't remind me, hurry up and leave
The key has arrived
My mom should nag me again